**dd-webdata**

**Why?** Because I wanted to learn more about web analytics, [GDPR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Data_Protection_Regulation), and what kind of user data can be extracted from the browser and its APIs.

**What?** A mixture of web analytics and [browser fingerprinting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Device_fingerprint). The table is a reflection – a mirror – of some of the user's browser data, collected using various techniques, with the possibility of creating a digital fingerprint. Browser fingerprinting itself is simply the collection of browser and device data in order to create a nuanced and possibly unique picture of the user – a digital fingerprint. Each point of data (e.g., timezone or OS) may be insignificant on its own, but when aggregated with other data points, a distinct profile of the individual user can be formed. The created user-profile is relatively stable over time since changes usually happen gradually. Consequently, by looking at the user's aggregate of data it's possible to infer who they are. A bunch of tiny decisions you make – from the way you move your mouse, to how much time you spend on a page – that can be tracked and added together to infer all kinds of personal information like your age, gender, or disabilities. Fingerprinting is most commonly used for tracking and identifying users across sessions and devices; for marketing and targeted advertising; for personalization; and for cybersecurity measures (e.g., account security, bot detection, preventing identity theft). Ultimately, while your device and browser both provide a large range of available data, there's really no need to track and evaluate every little thing. That will only lead to a mess of data.
